Add all created SIGs to the listing on the TOC page (#101)
cdfoundation/toc: sigs/proposed.md

| ------------------------|-------------|-----------------------|--------------
| Security | Security and supply chain integrity, traceability. Standards, specifications | Jenkins, Jenkins-x, Spinnaker, Tekton | Accepted
| MLOps | Data and machine learning pipelines and model deployment. Standards, specifications, projects | Tekton, Kubeflow Pipelines, JenkinsX | Accepted
| [Interoperability](https://github.com/cdfoundation/toc/blob/master/sigs/sig-interoperability.md) | Interoperability across CI/CD tools and technologies. Standards, specifications, projects | All | Accepted

> | [Events](https://github.com/cdfoundation/sig-events) | This group is looking at how events can help to create CI/CD systems with a decoupled architecture that is easy to scale and makes it resilient to failures | TBD | Accepted |

Reviewer: Tekton could be included in the list of projects, as they have an experimental controller that send the cdf events.

Author: ```suggestion
| [Events](https://github.com/cdfoundation/sig-events) | This group is looking at how events can help to create CI/CD systems with a decoupled architecture that is easy to scale and makes it resilient to failures | Tekton, Jenkins | Accepted |
```

Jenkins too then - ongoing Cloud Events adoption and integrations. CC @MarckK @salaboy

Reviewer: Do you mean https://www.jenkins.io/projects/gsoc/2021/project-ideas/cloudevents-plugin/ ?
I think that's generic CloudEvents for now, not the extensions specified by the SIG Events, but I hope it will be eventually?

Author: It is just the beginning. In the Jenkins COMMUNITY we agreed to integrate with the global CI/CD events system. So please count us as a stakeholder

| [Best Practices](https://github.com/cdfoundation/sig-best-practices) | Capturing and distributing the various best practices that have been acquired over the years by member organizations | TBD | Accepted |

> | [Ecurity Supply Chain](https://github.com/cdfoundation/sig-security-supply-chain) | Discussion, design, and adoption of an industry framework for supply chain security. | N/A | Archived |

Reviewer: Typo s/Ecurity Supply Chain/Supply Chain Security/

Author: ```suggestion
| [Security Supply Chain](https://github.com/cdfoundation/sig-security-supply-chain) | Discussion, design, and adoption of an industry framework for supply chain security. | N/A | Archived |
```

Reviewer: Heh, it should read "Supply Chain Security" - see also https://github.com/cdfoundation/sig-security-supply-chain#supply-chain-security-working-group

| Governance | TBD | TBD | 

> | TBD | TBD | TBD | 

Reviewer: NIT: maybe we could cleanup these two lines?
